Added section on subscription expiration. (#266)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/cloudhub-faq.adoc

> For specific pricing, please reach out to either your account executive or your account development representative, or contact us in the https://help.mulesoft.com[MuleSoft Help Center].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For specific pricing, reach out to either your account executive or your account development representative, or contact the https://help.mulesoft.com[MuleSoft Help Center].
```

Reviewer: Oh dear...I see what you mean about personal vesting in the words.... I will suggest some changes to avoid "us" and marketese, but understand if it's just not worth it....

== How do I get support?

The CloudHub team is committed to providing the best customer experience possible. Contact the CloudHub team in the https://help.mulesoft.com[MuleSoft Help Center].

> You can browse and search our online https://help.mulesoft.com/s/forum[forum] to find answers. Or post a question and start a new thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can browse and search the online https://help.mulesoft.com/s/forum[forum] to find answers. Or post a question and start a new thread.
```

If you have a paid plan, you can access the Support portal.

To file a case through the Support portal:

. Sign in to Anypoint Platform. 
. From the *?* menu, select *Support Center*.
. Click the *Support* tile.
+
You can browse open cases or click *Contact Support* to open a new case.

> . When you create a new case, fill in the required fields (marked in red).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. When you create a new case, complete the required fields (marked in red).
```
localization

Your static IP might be removed or reassigned in a couple of specific situations:

* Deleting an application also removes its static IP. If you create a new application with the same name, it has a new dynamically assigned IP address.

> * Adding a new application by moving it from Sandbox to Production. This requires a new application name, hence a new static IP

Reviewer: Suggest this for each peer list item as well:
```suggestion
* Adding a new application by moving it from Sandbox to Production
This requires a new application name and a new static IP.
```

Customers with an Enterprise account can choose any global region in which to deploy their app. The actual worker is always running in the UTC timezone.

== Proactive Monitoring

> The CloudHub platform is monitored 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, by automated systems. In the event of any issue affecting the health and operation of the CloudHub infrastructure, our dedicated operations team is notified and responds immediately to diagnose and correct it. This 24x7 monitoring covers the entire CloudHub platform, benefiting all CloudHub users, free and paying. The status of CloudHub services and upcoming maintenance can be found at http://status.mulesoft.com[`status.mulesoft.com`] and http://eu1-status.mulesoft.com[`eu1-status.mulesoft.com`].

Reviewer: I suggest making this more concise and less sales-oriented:
```suggestion
The CloudHub platform is monitored 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, by automated systems. Should any issue affect the health of the CloudHub infrastructure, the operations team is notified and responds immediately to diagnose and correct it. This 24x7 monitoring covers the entire CloudHub platform, benefiting all CloudHub users. You can view the current status of CloudHub services and upcoming maintenance at http://status.mulesoft.com[`status.mulesoft.com`] and http://eu1-status.mulesoft.com[`eu1-status.mulesoft.com`].
```
